if you're confused by all of the crazy
twists and turns in the final season of
Game of Thrones don't just sit there
call game Afonso the only game of
Thrones helpline staffed entirely by
actors from the blockbuster series like
liam Cunningham gramophones how can I
help you
what does Kit Harington smell like he
smells like a mixture of old yogurt and
Axe body spray
it's a real turn of Kamath phones
infants right can you tell me where I
left my keys I've searched the whole
house the in between the cushions on
your couch would you like to say how
you're gonna die no definitely not mad
cow disease Oh John Bradley hello game
iPhone's how can I help you yes
why did Gandalf choose Bilbo Baggins to
accompany Thorin wrong number you're
looking for Lord of the Ring tones oh my
mistake
nerd Maisie Williams you expect me to
believe a 90-pound girl can defeat an
army of white walkers small I'd be happy
to add you to my list thanks Todd and
sophie turner how would you say the
books are different from the show well
the books are full of words that you
read and the show gets me paid don't
trust those other Game of Thrones help
lines to give you one word answers Hodor
call gamma function and here's a special
bonus the first 20 callers will receive
a Theon Greyjoy penis snow globe
absolutely free
call today not responsible for caller
death or disembowelment just call our
die if you liked that video click the
subscribe button but only if you're
ready for commitment